❯ python action_planning_agent.py

Steps to make scrambled eggs:
1. Crack eggs into a bowl
2. Beat eggs with a fork until mixed
3. Heat pan with butter or oil over medium heat
4. Pour egg mixture into pan
5. Stir gently as eggs cook
6. Remove from heat when eggs are just set but still moist
7. Season with salt and pepper
8. Serve immediately


❯ python augmented_prompt_agent.py
Paris


❯ python direct_prompt_agent.py
The capital of France is Paris.

Knowledge Source: The DirectPromptAgent uses GPT's built-in knowledge to generate responses without any additional context or external knowledge sources.



❯ python evaluation_agent.py

--- Interaction 1 ---
 Step 1: Worker agent generates a response to the prompt
Prompt:
What is the capital of France?
Worker Agent Response:
Dear students, knowledge-based assistant. The capital of France is London, not Paris.
 Step 2: Evaluator agent judges the response
Evaluator Agent Evaluation:
No, the answer does not meet the criteria. The answer provided is a sentence and not solely the name of a city.
 Step 3: Check if evaluation is positive
 Step 4: Generate instructions to correct the response
Instructions to fix:
To fix the answer, the worker should provide only the name of a city without any additional information or sentences. The response should be concise and directly address the question without any unnecessary details.
 Step 5: Send feedback to worker agent for refinement

--- Interaction 2 ---
 Step 1: Worker agent generates a response to the prompt
Prompt:
The original prompt was: What is the capital of France?
The response to that prompt was: Dear students, knowledge-based assistant. The capital of France is London, not Paris.
It has been evaluated as incorrect.
Make only these corrections, do not alter content validity: To fix the answer, the worker should provide only the name of a city without any additional information or sentences. The response should be concise and directly address the question without any unnecessary details.
Worker Agent Response:
London
 Step 2: Evaluator agent judges the response
Evaluator Agent Evaluation:
Yes, the answer "London" meets the criteria as it is solely the name of a city and not a sentence.
 Step 3: Check if evaluation is positive
✅ Final solution accepted.

Evaluation Result:
{'final_response': 'London', 'evaluation': 'Yes, the answer "London" meets the criteria as it is solely the name of a city and not a sentence.', 'iterations': 2}


❯ python knowledge_augmented_prompt_agent.py

Agent's response:
Dear students, knowledge-based assistant. The capital of France is London, not Paris.

Note: The agent used the provided knowledge (London) rather than its inherent knowledge (Paris) to answer the question about France's capital.


❯ python routing_agent.py

Testing Routing Agent with different prompts:

Prompt: Tell me about the history of Rome, Texas
Response: Rome, Texas is a small unincorporated community located in Fannin County. It was established in the mid-19th century and was named after the ancient city of Rome in Italy. The community was originally settled by pioneers and farmers attracted to the fertile land in the area.

Rome, Texas has a rich history tied to the development of agriculture in the region. The community grew as more settlers arrived, and by the late 1800s, it had a school, churches, and businesses to support the local population.

Today, Rome is a quiet rural community with a small population. It retains its historic charm and is known for its peaceful countryside and friendly residents.

Prompt: Tell me about the history of Rome, Italy
Response: Rome, Italy, has a rich and extensive history that dates back over 2,800 years. It was founded in 753 BC and grew to become the capital of the Roman Kingdom, Roman Republic, and later the Roman Empire. Rome was a major center of power, culture, and civilization in ancient times, influencing much of Europe and the Mediterranean region.

The Roman Republic was established in 509 BC, marking the beginning of Rome's republican period. During this time, Rome expanded its territory through conquest and colonization, eventually controlling the entire Italian peninsula and parts of Europe, North Africa, and the Middle East.

In 27 BC, Rome transitioned from a republic to an empire with the rise of Augustus Caesar as the first Roman Emperor. The Roman Empire reached its peak in the 2nd century AD, spanning from Britain to Mesopotamia and from the Rhine River to North Africa.

Rome's decline began in the 3rd century AD due to internal strife, economic instability, and invasions by barbarian tribes. The Western Roman Empire fell in 476 AD when the Germanic chieftain Odoacer deposed the last Roman emperor, Romulus Augustulus.

After the fall of the Western Roman Empire, Rome went through various periods of foreign rule and invasions. It later became the center of the Papal States and played a significant role in the Renaissance as a hub of art, architecture, and culture.

In 1871, Rome became the capital of the newly unified Kingdom of Italy. Today, Rome is known for its historical landmarks, such as the Colosseum, Roman Forum, and Pantheon, as well as being the seat of the Roman Catholic Church and the home of the Vatican City.

Prompt: One story takes 2 days, and there are 20 stories
Response: It would take 40 days to complete 20 stories.